chore: improve readme (#4349)
reown-com/appkit: readme.md

# AppKit

The full stack toolkit to build onchain app UX.

Onboard millions of users to your app in minutes with social & email embedded wallets, web3 wallet login, crypto swaps, on-ramp and more.

#### 📚 [Documentation](https://docs.reown.com/appkit/overview)

#### 🧪 [Laboratory](https://appkit-lab.reown.com)

> #### 💻 [AppKit web examples repository](https://github.com/reown-com/appkit-web-examples)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 💻 [AppKit Web Examples](https://github.com/reown-com/appkit-web-examples)
```

#### 🔗 [Website](https://reown.com/appkit)

#### 🛟 [Contact us on Discord](https://discord.gg/reown)

<p align="center">
  <img src="./.github/assets/header.png" alt="" border="0">
</p>

## Features

> Please check all our featurues for different SDKs in [docs](https://docs.reown.com/appkit/features).

Reviewer: IMO no need to use "Please" clauses
```suggestion
See all our features for different SDKs in [docs](https://docs.reown.com/appkit/features).
```

Reviewer 2: Text to use:

Refer to the "Features" section of the AppKit docs.

3. Run `pnpm watch` to build and watch for file changes in a separate tab
4. Run gallery, laboratory or examples in a separate tab i.e. `pnpm laboratory`

> ## Releasing new versions

Reviewer: Let's not give some info about any part of the development of this repo, this readme should be only for advertisement. Development and other details should be in another doc

### Running tests

See <app/laboratory/tests/README.md>

> [!NOTE]

> > Looking for Web3modal v[1-5]? [switch the branch](https://github.com/WalletConnect/web3modal/tree/V5).

Reviewer: I don't think we should guide them to switch anything about w3m, let them know how to migrate to AppKit instead https://docs.reown.com/appkit/upgrade/to-reown-appkit-web#migrate-from-web3modal-v5-to-reown-appkit
